Rename pie chart titles (#251)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-W16-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

Fig 11. Revenue bar chart
{:.caption}

#### 4.7.2 Viewing top 10 most frequent clients
* Your top 10 most frequent clients, who made the highest number of orders will be shown in a pie chart.

> * To rank the frequency of clients, compare the number of orders each client made. <br>

Reviewer: I think this can be We rank the freq of client by comparing....

>   (e.g. Compare this sequence of orders: Amy ordered Chicken Rice x2, Bob ordered Fried Rice x4 and then Amy ordered Chicken Rice x1. <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (e.g. Compare this sequence of orders: Amy ordered 'Chicken Rice x 2', Bob ordered 'Fried Rice x 4' and then Amy ordered 'Chicken Rice x 1'. <br>
```

Fig 11. Revenue bar chart
{:.caption}

#### 4.7.2 Viewing top 10 most frequent clients

> * Your top 10 most frequent clients, who made the highest number of orders will be shown in a pie chart.

Reviewer 2: Could you add a line explaining that this counts the number of orders, regardless of order quantity?

Fig 12. Client pie chart
{:.caption}

#### 4.7.3 Viewing top 10 most popular recipes

> * Your top 10 most popular recipes, that appear most frequently in the all your orders will be shown in a pie chart.

Reviewer 2: Could you add a line that this is done by comparing total order quantity for each recipe? E.g. 1 order with Chicken Rice x3 is more frequent than another order with Chicken Rice x2

Fig 12. Client pie chart
{:.caption}

#### 4.7.3 Viewing top 10 most popular recipes
* Your top 10 most popular recipes, that appear most frequently in the all your orders will be shown in a pie chart.

> * To rank the popularity of orders, compare the total order quantity of each recipe. <br>

Reviewer: Same as the comment above

>   (e.g. Compare an order list with only these 3 orders: 'Chicken Rice x4', 'Fried Rice x2' and 'Fried Rice x1' <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (e.g. Compare an order list with only these 3 orders: 'Chicken Rice x 4', 'Fried Rice x 2' and 'Fried Rice x 1' <br>
```

>   Chicken rice is more popular since its total quantity (sum of all `ORDER_QUANTITY`) is higher, i.e. 4 > 2+1.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Chicken rice is more popular since its total quantity (sum of all its `ORDER_QUANTITY`) is higher, i.e. 4 > 2 + 1.)
```

dk if this better. up to you i think.
